Asia
plague in the city hanged and his chezh
the performance is a Ukrainian star for that
all tickets were sold out immediately
as always they have a very tight schedule
the day before coming to Chisinau stage and
I had to give three concerts in a row
abroad and for the report directly to the journalists
then be sure to try as much as possible
go to bed earlier though not only
dream the next day
rehearsal and long awaited for our
metropolitan public concert September 10
a new high point has come when
Chisinau residents in the same way for Ani Lorak in fact
Moldova she spoke for the first time
Yushin technically complex mass effect of
graphic playing light cool sound this
high-level show and timed to
The 20th anniversary of the singer's show is named
Caroline to word this simultaneously and
real name singer ani lorak nickname
which had this one to take in
the very beginning of his career somehow
time of one of the performances at the competition
It has already been announced 1 Caroline output yet
Caroline alone was not allowed for long
thinking girl read her name
on the contrary it turned out ani lorak pine me
and name is Carolina on his passport
the performance of the singer began with
autobiographical song bird
in fact this little girl story
which is actually those who will come tomorrow
at the concert will see we will have a story
told from the beginning of a little girl
who dreamed of becoming a singer and that's all
told in graphics and then before when
I appear already understand why I sing
exactly this song and we are with the director
understand that this is essentially my story
setting it today is folk
Ukrainian actress silver winner
Eurovision Song Contest 2008 married to
beloved and successful man mom
the beautiful daughter of the restaurant owner in
Kiev center publisher of three books face
cosmetic charity companies
doer
but it is known that the life of Carolina is not always
was so vividly colorful and brilliant
she is considered a Ukrainian Cinderella because
childhood was not easy in a small
Kitsman town in Chernivtsi region
where is Carolina from ? her mom barely
making ends meet to grow
daughter and her brothers 6 years old girl was even
given to the orphanage and always the main dream
Carolina was the scene for a long time dream come true
without the scene, Ani Lorac does not think himself
but
I have been on stage for 20 years and for 20 years I
I feel this excitement as for the first time
just about a concert here people in the hall
that's how it's all how to get out there like
cross this boundary
excitement is always that well, impossible
and when I do it a step towards
some miracle happens here i'm on the stage
here is my favorite viewer i'm in the rays of light
sound and this is happening is the magic
because in this second I forget in all
to their stage outfit refers
scrupulous for her there are no little things
all important she is always in good
physical form with no diets
does not hold sometimes do not have time
eat i'm not on a diet and never
sat on diets so my most
best grandfather dressed for life is just
moderate nutrition ie do not overeat
no small bowls and drink
a lot of water movement again I can
said that after the recital in
me at least kilograms after the concert if
allows graphite to be sure to have a good sleep
the truth is also not always working yesterday I
arrived in Kiev
after five planes per day at me
there were five flights I performed in two
countries and in 3 you can even say
clarify and of course the most interesting
that there was no sleep in this chart
in general somehow and somehow food too somehow
so questionable type and where is the food as well
zhezh you there and here somehow in well there
plane fed
during the flight of the Koran on try
take it reading the keys then that without
spiritual enrichment can not be
harmonious relationship with the world and in
Particularly with a loved one I am
interested in psychology news here
I'm going to just love this
read the writings and whether philosophers
psychological some books here click
personal growth books say growth
same robin charm
is there a monk who sold the number there
Then Oleg Gadetsky here is this Russian
an author who is a psychologist who
this psychology of the third millennium too
According to the artist, the woman is absolutely
beautiful then when
and inner calmly harmoniously
relationship with a loved man should
perfect in this just
Caroline helps her favorite literature
need to be interesting to my partner i
i fill myself to be
it is interesting in everything
on returning home they are in a hurry of Carolina
rather see his little daughter
which is often on tour time
leave on numerous grandmothers
every day on fb and standing here with about there
all the pictures we communicate i know
absolutely everything that happens unconditionally
missing what I'm saying
The most favorite kind of recreation singer to be in
among big families I like to relax in
family circle
I do not care where we are not important to
we were together these minutes for me
without a scene and that is young
and sometimes just sitting in
include light music in the living room
light a incense lamp and make
yourself an aromatherapy session and just at home
she will relinquish being ani lorak and
become ordinary women beloved and
loving in the first place is a husband because
I’m already moving a little bit to the 2nd flank
because yielding primacy because
it is very important to understand there is a scene
real life september 27 achieve
will celebrate her birthday on this
time will try not to be on tour
and with her beloved husband to be in her family there
one nice tradition to change which
I don't want a king I don't know how I will
celebrate because it's a surprise from
my husband again he is me to prepare a surprise
every year he takes me somewhere I
don't know anything it happens so we're going to
airport and you know
either making presents is getting them
also her husband Marat often pampers her
among unforgettable surprises offer
hands and hearts in paris when we were
attended the moulin show
Ruzh
lead lead and when
murat was a gala dinner and he opened
treasured box with the words world of wine
Of course, our Chisinau public is always
marked by performers as very
grateful
but at the same time she always
sensitive to drugs that sound
artists from the stage judging by the reaction
viewers can be sure that with
such a good energy like ani lorak
Carolina love video no only relatives
people
but our viewers also loved